hello and welcome to Sony Ericsson
support in this video you'll learn how
to update your phone from android 1.6 to
android 2.1 the topics will be looking
at are downloading and installing the
latest pc companion downloading the new
backup and restore application to backup
your data upgrade your phone to android
2.1 and then finally restoring your data
back to the phone begin by downloading
the newest and latest version of pc
companion on your computer go to www oni
ericsson com forward slash support
choose X 10 as the phone model choose
downloads and follow the steps to
install the software if you already have
PC Companion installed on your computer
make sure you reinstall the application
with the latest version for optimal
performance once installation is
complete open the application connect
your phone to your computer via the USB
cable on your phone drag the status bar
downwards and tap USB connected then tap
mount PC Companion will now inform you
that the software update is available to
continue click update the next step is
to download and install the backup and
restore application even though you
might already have backup and restore on
your phone we highly recommend you to
update the latest version tailored for
this update with the new backup and
restore the following items will be
backed up markets applications backed up
as links to market play now applications
bookmarks call log contacts SMS and MMS
messages and system settings
please note that some items are not
backed up such as pictures music videos
and other files as these are stored on
your memory card and won't be lost or
affected by the phone update click here
to go to the backup and restore website
now it's time to disconnect your phone
drag the status bar downwards and tap
turn off USB storage then tap turn off
and disconnect the USB cable from your
phone follow the instructions to install
backup and restore and perform a backup
once the backup is complete you can
proceed with updating your phone return
at a pc companion connect your phone to
your computer via the USB cable on your
phone drag the status bar downwards and
tab USB connected then tap mount PC
Companion should now state connected to
x10 to start the update click Next
follow the on-screen instructions to
update your phone the update can take
several minutes to complete sofa times
sake will skip through each step however
please view the instructions for each
step carefully as you will be prompted
to disconnect and restart your phone
once the update is complete and your
phone is running Android 2.1 you can
restore the content you previously
backed up using the backup and restore
application
for more information on how to do this
please follow the instructions on the
sony ericsson backup and restore website
thank you for taking the time to view
this film you'll find more information
about your phone by visiting xperia x10
support zone where you can improve your
user experience